
+++
# Date this page was created.
date = 2016-04-27T00:00:00

# Project title.
title = "Two Rooms and a Boom Custom Card Game"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "A custom print'n'play (PnP) version of the popular social deduction party game, Two Rooms and A Boom. Cards designed using the tikz library for LaTeX. "

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "2r1bpreview.png"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["LaTeX", "Design", "Card Game", "tikz"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
#external_link = "http://github.com/fergul/py-SRPC"

# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

[[gallery_item]]
album = "1"
image = "2r1bGallery1.png"
caption = "Purple Team Amnesiac"
    
[[gallery_item]]
album = "1"
image = "2r1bGallery2.png"
caption = "Grey Team Private Detective"

[[gallery_item]]
album = "1"
image = "2r1bGallery3.png"
caption = "Blue Team Spy"

[[gallery_item]]
album = "1"
image = "2r1bGallery4.png"
caption = "Red Team Negotiator"
+++

A custom print'n'play (PnP) version of the popular social deduction party game, Two Rooms and A Boom. Part of a design experiment to create minimalist cards designed using the tikz library for LaTeX. 

{{< gallery album="1" >}}